16 000057780 -- 000100150 A few common residential modems are DSL or
1 000000240 -- 000004130 Now that we've looked at the architecture of the internet let's
see how you might 2 000004130 -- 000007535 connect your personal devices to the internet
inside your house.
3 000007535 -- 000011270 Well there are many ways to connect to the internet and
4 000011270 -- 000013960 most often people connect wirelessly.
5 000013960 -- 000017940 Let's look at an example of how you can connect to the internet.
6 000017940 -- 000022370 If you live in a city or a town you probably
have a coaxial cable for 7 000022370 -- 000026880 cable Internet or a phone line
if you have DSL running to the outside of 8 000026880 -- 000030920 your house
that connects you to the Internet Service Provider or ISP.
9 000032100 -- 000034730 If you live far out in the country you'll more likely
have 10 000034730 -- 000039430 a dish outside your house connecting you wirelessly to your
closest ISP or 11 000039430 -- 000041190 you might also use the telephone system.
12 000042350 -- 000046300 Whether a wire comes straight from the ISP hookup outside your
house or 13 000046300 -- 000049270 it travels over radio waves from your roof 14
000049270 -- 000053760 the first stop a wire will make once inside your house is
at your modem.
15 000053760 -- 000057780 A modem is what connects the internet to your network at home.
NOTE end of file